Required Core ReqCore

English Composition - English EnglishComp W
  What happens to English 110?
  What happens to FYI? Will there be integration with FC courses?
  Will the second course be taught by the English Department, or will other departments offer
courses to satisfy this requirement?
  Will students be able to place out of one or the other of these courses, and/or will there be
advanced versions of either one?
  Will either course include oral competencies?

Mathematical Reasoning  Math QR
  What happens to Math 110?
  Will students be able to place out of the new course, and/or will there be advanced versions of
  the course?
  Will departments other than Mathematics be able to offer a course to satisfy this requirement?

Life and Physical Sciences Science
  Will there be a divisional (cross-disciplinary) option?
  What departments will offer a course to satisfy this requirement? Biology? Chemistry? FNES?
Geology? Psychology?
  How will GenEd students who decide to major in a science discipline after taking a GenEd course be
helped in making the transition, if at all?

Flexible Core FlexCore
  How many courses will there be for each area?
  How will diversity across disciplines and divisions be handled?
  Will there be cross-disciplinary offerings developed to fulfill these requirements?
  Will any attempt be made to assign particular disciplines to specific areas?
  Will the Flexible Core be structured to implement a foreign language requirement?

College Option
  Will all or part of the college option be devoted to a foreign language requirement?
  Will there be a synthesis requirement?
  Will majors be required to include a capstone requirement?
  Will all 12 credits be required of native students?

Writing Across the Curriculum
  Will the W degree requirement be retained?
  Will non-GenEd courses be allowed to satisfy the W degree requirement?
  Must all FC courses be W?
  Will policies for W courses change from what they are now?

Quantitative Reasoning Across the Curriculum
  Will a QR degree requirement be instituted, and if so, how many QR courses will be be required?
  Will non-GenEd courses be allowed to satisfy the QR degree requirement?
  Will all FC courses be QR?
  What will be the policies for QR courses?


